#### Always try by yourself first, then work together with someone else
#### These hints are only for when you get desperate

**Generate a random whole number**  
The `newAdvice()` function needs to generate a random whole number that ranges from 0 to the length of our advice array (in the `advice.js` file).

* The `Math.floor()` function takes in a parameter and rounds the number downward to the nearest integer. For example, if we call `Math.floor(5.7)` it will return 5.
* Use the the `Math.floor()` function and pass in `Math.random()` as a parameter into `Math.floor()`. The `Math.random()` function will generate a random decimal number between 0 and 1.
* To generate random whole numbers, the random decimal that is generated by `Math.random()` needs to be multiplied by a whole number.
* Because we want a random advice from our `advice.js` file, the array index number must exist within this array (otherwise we get an error).
* To solve this problem, we need to multiply `Math.random()` with the length of the advice array. By doing this, we can add or remove as many strings from the array as we like and it will always return a valid number since we are using the `advice.length` method to always get the current length of our array.
* The function can be written as follows:
```
function newAdvice() {
  let randomNumber = Math.floor(Math.random() * (advice.length))
}
```

**Welcome page**  
With the `newAdvice()` function, an advice will be generated when the function runs. This happens when you refresh,  
so it means that there will always be an advice text on the screen, also when the app starts.  

To have a welcome page as start page, instead of a page with an advice text, you will have to write a function  
`startApp()` that returns a welcome message (or whatever you want to see when the app opens). This is the function that should run first.